[Docs] Terrain Developer Guide (#2122)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/visualization/environments/terrain/terrain-developer-guide/introduction.md

---
linktitle: Introduction
title: Introduction
description: Developer documentation that introduces the terrain system.
weight: 100
---

![Example terrain image.](/images/user-guide/visualization/environments/terrain/terrain-example.png)

## What is a "terrain system"?

A "terrain system" is a system that defines the geometry, color, and surface types for a ground surface. More specifically, a terrain system contains:

* Height, color, and surface data mapped to regions of the world

> * Authoring tools and workflows that support data creation / modification and how to map it to regions

Reviewer: Reworded to use a parallel structure
```suggestion
* Authoring tools and workflows that support creating / modifying data and mapping it to regions
```

* Queryable data that can be used by both simulation and rendering
* Specialized rendering as needed to support efficient, high-quality terrain visualization across the view distance
* One or more physics surfaces that can be used to provide a "physical" simulation of the terrain in the virtual world

## Design tenets

The O3DE terrain system was built with specific design tenets in mind. Enhancements and changes to the system should continue to use these tenets as guiding principles:

| | |
| - | - |
| **Enjoyable** | Content creators and engineers should be delighted to use the terrain system and excited by the power and flexibility the tools provide.|

> | **Familiar** | The design should be familiar to content creators that use external terrain authoring tools and should follow similar design patterns to other O3DE workflows.|

Author: Actually, should this be "as"? 

"In" makes it sound to me like the design patterns need to be followed in the other workflows, not that we're following the patterns contained in the other workflows. I could also go with "contained in" or "used in"

> | **Familiar** | The design should be familiar to content creators that use external terrain authoring tools and should follow similar design patterns to other O3DE workflows.|

Reviewer: Ah yes, that would make it more clear. 
Both your suggestions are fine, or even "as in" is okay. 
If you prefer to make changes using the batch suggestion on the PR, feel free to update my comment here to match the wording you choose.
